Welcome to FileMCP,
the publishing layer for AI agents.
FileMCP makes it easy to share all the amazing
presentations,
proposals and other documents you've been creating
with tools like Claude and Chat GPT.
After logging in,
you'll be provided with simple installation
instructions.
If you're using Claude code like me,
all you have to do is copy this code here and
paste it into your command line.
I'm all set up inside of Claude code where I've
been working on a new product deck.
The deck looks great,
but it's stuck on my computer and I want to share
it with my team.
I'll ask Claude to publish it
and within a few seconds I'll get back shareable
links to the document.
I can share the link with others and my document
will open right up for them to see.
They can even leave comments as if it were a
Google Drive document.
But because my agent can also see their feedback,
it makes fixes and revisions so much faster.
I'm going to ask my agent to check the comments.
My agent sees the feedback and offers to apply the
suggested improvements and publish a new version.
And if I accept,
within seconds I'll have a new version published
with all the fixes addressed.
As you can see,
we're now on version 2.
We can also see that the date was updated as
requested.
I can now go ahead and mark this comment as
resolved.
And best of all,
FileMCP keeps copies of all my assets along with
their comments and revisions so I can access them
at any time.
Of course,
this is all just the tip of the iceberg.
We welcome you to try FileMCP for yourself,
and thank you for watching.